Update User Authentication docs with steps on how to restrict user sign-up and sign-in (#36600)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/auth/saml/index.md

Error prefetching SAML service provider metadata
```

### How to control user sign-up and sign-in

Use the following filters to restrict how users can create accounts and sign in to your Sourcegraph instance via SAML auth provider.

**allowSignup**

  Allows new users to creating their accounts via SAML authentication, or blocks the sign-up when set to `false`.

  If `false`, users signing in via SAML must have an existing Sourcegraph account, which will be linked to their SAML identity after the sign-in.

  If not set, it will default to `true`.

  ```json
    {
      "type": "saml",
      // ...
      "allowSignup": false
    }
  ```

**allowGroups**

  Restricts login to members of the allowed SAML groups.

  When not configured or set to`true`, sign-in will be allowed.
  If the list of allowed groups is empty, sign-in is not allowed.

>   The `groupAttributesName` is optional and will default to "groups" when not informed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `groupsAttributeName` is an optional parameter that can be used to set a different name for the SAML attribute assertion that contains a list of groups the user belongs to. It defaults to "groups" when not provided.
```
